---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pfsense_dhcpdv4_staticmappings Data Source - terraform-provider-pfsense"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves all DHCPD v4 static mappings https://docs.netgate.com/pfsense/en/latest/services/dhcp/ipv4.html#static-mappings. Static DHCP mappings express a preference for which IP address will be assigned to a given client based on its MAC address. In a network where unknown clients are denied, this also serves as a list of known clients which are allowed to receive leases or have static ARP entries.
---

# pfsense_dhcpdv4_staticmappings (Data Source)

Retrieves all DHCPD v4 [static mappings](https://docs.netgate.com/pfsense/en/latest/services/dhcp/ipv4.html#static-mappings). Static DHCP mappings express a preference for which IP address will be assigned to a given client based on its MAC address. In a network where unknown clients are denied, this also serves as a list of known clients which are allowed to receive leases or have static ARP entries.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pfsense_dhcpdv4_staticmappings" "this" {}

output "staticmappings" {
  value = data.pfsense_dhcpdv4_staticmappings.this.all
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Network interface.

### Read-Only

- `all` (Attributes List) All static mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--all))

<a id="nestedatt--all"></a>
### Nested Schema for `all`

Read-Only:

- `arp_table_static_entry` (Boolean) Create an ARP Table Static Entry for this MAC & IP Address pair., defaults to `false`.
- `client_identifier` (String) Identifier to match based on the value sent by the client (RFC 2132).
- `default_lease_time` (String) Default lease time for clients that do not ask for a specific lease expiration time.
- `description` (String) For administrative reference (not parsed).
- `dns_servers` (List of String) DNS (Domain Name System) servers provided to the client.
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name passed to the client to form its fully qualified hostname.
- `domain_search_list` (List of String) DNS search domains that are provided to the client.
- `gateway` (String) IPv4 gateway address.
- `hostname` (String) Name of the host, without the domain part.
- `interface` (String) Network interface. Each interface has its own separate DHCP configuration (including static mappings).
- `ip_address` (String) IPv4 address to assign this client. Address must be outside of any defined pools. If no IPv4 address is given, one will be dynamically allocated from a pool.
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the client to match.
- `maximum_lease_time` (String) Maximum lease time for clients that ask for a specific lease expiration time.
- `wins_servers` (List of String) WINS (Windows Internet Name Service) servers provided to the client.
